hello youtube and welcome to my kitchen
today I'm going to prepare a very famous
Japanese soup call me so and this is the
way I do it start by adding like four
cups to the pan of water that is and
bring it to a boil you will see how easy
this recipe is when the water comes to a
boil I lower the heat let it rest a
little bit and I put one of these
where's the camera here home does she
went back eight grams that goes right in
if you add the home dashi
when the water is super boiling then a
big bubble of water is gonna come up so
that's why you have to wait a little bit
in the meantime while the water was
boiling I cut up some enoki mushrooms
and some tofu try to give it a little
stir and then I add the ingredients you
could add whatever ingredients I just
happen to have this in the kitchen in
the refrigerator so but it's your choice
and good I also add niggy cut Nikki but
I want to cook the mushrooms a little
bit before adding it and the niggy cooks
quicker so I don't want it to get too
mushy mushy
she-she-she machine so a few minutes
have passed you can see that it's
starting to get bubbly so then I add the
Negi the good thing in Japan is that you
can find the you already cut
because in the United States I had to
cut cut cut cut cut window cuz I but she
anyway I lower the heat he then put that
little basket because now I'm going to
add the miso and one very important
thing about the miso is that it can
never boil so please be careful not to
boil the miso it is okay to lower the
heat or actually turn it off if you want
so I'm going to add like I don't know is
this two tablespoons three tablespoons I
just do everything by eye so and the
basket is this is a really nice basket
because it holds to the pan perfect so I
can carry the camera so you move it
around until it dissolves obviously with
one hand I'm going very slow that's
basically it
the mixer is done like I said it's very
important not to boil the me so now I
little something I like to do is add a
little drop of soy sauce I don't know
why because I like it that's it
and this is the miso as you can see it
was very simple to make if you liked it
please subscribe comment and hit the
like button and I hope you come back to
see more recipes eat a lucky month